If I had to start from zero, this is
exactly how I'd become a millionaire in
12 months. After decades of building
successful businesses, I know exactly
what I would do to go from zero to a
million dollars as fast as possible. And
the crazy part, you don't need a genius
idea or a massive budget to do it. You
just need this blueprint. Let me break
it down for you. First, let's talk about
the biggest obstacle you need to
overcome if you want to become a
millionaire. The biggest thing that
people make a mistake on is they focus
on short-term cash. It's really hard to
make cash in 30 days, 60 days. You got
to think long term. When you're
shortsighted, what you'll find is you'll
put in a lot of effort, get very little
results, and get burnt out. And you
start thinking about what can I do
today? And a lot of times that effort
that you put in to make money today
won't really matter 6 months from now,
year from now, 2 years from now. So
instead, what you want to do is focus on
long-term efforts because that way, not
only will it help you in the short run,
but those efforts that you focus on in
the short run will have compounding
effects in the long run. And the best
thing you can do to take that long-term
approach is to build an audience. In
essence, you're owning your own
platform. Think about it. Facebook,
Instagram, Google, they're all examples
of platforms. When you have your own
audience, kind of like a Tony Robbins,
LeBron James, or Kardashian, you can
continually go after that audience and
monetize them. See, when Christian
Ronaldo got onto YouTube, he instantly
had millions of followers. It was one of
the fastest growing accounts. You know
why? It wasn't because YouTube's a
popular platform. It's because Cristiano
Ronaldo owned his own audience. He had
loyal followers that would move with him
no matter where he went. Long-term
wealth comes from leveraging an
audience, not short-term money grabs.
However, if you rely on social media
platforms, that means you truly don't
own your audience. That's why you want
to direct traffic to your own website to
even landing pages where collecting
email addresses so you can have direct
communication with people and sell them.
If you do this easy thing with your
website, making your first million
dollars becomes effortless. My ad
agency, NP Digital, is one of the
fastest growing ad agencies out there
according to AdWe. One of the reasons
we're are such a fast growing ad agency
is because we built up such a massive
user base of people coming to our
website each and every single month. I'm
not talking about a few hundred thousand
visitors. I'm talking about millions.
And these are millions of visitors in
the marketing vertical which is a very
lucrative audience. And when you get
people going to your website, you can
end up monetizing them. You can sell
them products like bags or purses or
clothes. Or you can even sell services
like I do, such as consulting. I want
you to think about this from a basic
math formula. At neilpotel.com, we
generate over a million visitors a
month. We sell products for $30 a month
and upwards. So, let's say you can get
1% of that audience to sign up. From a
million visitors, that's roughly $10,000
people a month. At $30 a month, that's
roughly $300,000 a month in reoccurring
income. After $3.5 months, you're
already at a million dollar not just in
annual revenue, in monthly revenue.
That's the power of getting visitors to
your website. That's why my company NP
Digital does over 9 figures a year in
revenue. But before any of this, you
need to actually build a website. And as
hard as most people think it is, I have
a tried and tested method to build a
professional website that literally
anybody can do. The first thing that you
need to do is choose a niche that you're
passionate about. This increases your
chance of success. Look, being an
entrepreneur is not easy. If you hate
what you're doing, you're not going to
put in the time and energy to succeed.
But if you love what you're doing,
you're going to put in the effort even
when you're not seeing results. That's
why you need to be truly passionate
about whatever you're doing. Now, once
you have whatever you're passion about,
you want to make sure it's a large
market. You can go to Google Trends,
type in any keyword related to your
market. If it's getting a lot of search
volume, kind of like the term marketing,
that means you're on to something. And
you can compare it to the term
marketing. You can also look at other
publicly traded companies within your
industry to see what their market cap
is. The market cap tells you how much
that company is worth. The more they're
worth, the bigger the market. Now, to
make a website on WordPress, it's
actually really easy. You can go to
wordpress.org. They have a whole
repository of themes that you can just
choose from and upload it to your
instance. And best of all, if you use a
hosting provider like Bluehost, you can
click one button after you sign up and
it'll install WordPress for you, and you
just select a theme, and you're off into
the races. You also have to select a
domain name, which is the trickiest
part. Not because it's hard to decide
what domain name you want. It's hard to
actually find a domain name that you
want that's also available. That just
takes some time by typing in some words
and eventually coming up with something
that you like. Just make sure your
domain name is short, to the point, and
is catchy. And of course, use a dot
domain. People aren't used to
typing.org.ai.io or any of those other
extensions. If you want step-by-step
instructions on how to set up a
WordPress site and blog, just check out
this URL. Now that you've created a
blog, you need to focus on creating
content around whatever vertical you're
going after. Make sure that content is
unique, fresh, and it's really in-depth.
If you're not sure on the type of
content you should be creating, you can
go to
neilpel.com/ubersuggest. Type in any
keyword. It'll show you all the content
that's popular around that subject or on
the web. You can use this as an example
of the type of quality content that you
want to create. You just got to make
sure that your article talks about
something that's fresh that they don't
talk about and is better than theirs.
Because if it's not fresh or better than
theirs, why would people read your
article versus theirs? And you may think
this is hard, but it actually isn't that
hard. Cuz most people, they write
content and they leave it there and it
starts getting old after years. After
you built a website, you need to ensure
it shows up at the top of Google search
so visitors can find it. Here's how. To
rank at the top of Google, there's three
main areas that you need to focus on.
The first is content. The second is
technical SEO. How clean is a code on
your website? And the third is links.
The more people linking to you, the
higher you're going to rank. So, let's
go over the first one, content. We
already discussed that you need to
create content that's better than the
competition and it's talking about stuff
that's new. Because if you're not
talking about stuff that's new, you're
not going to do well. The second is
technical SEO. This is how clean your
code is and search engines can
understand it so that way they can
easily rank you. Because if your code is
messy, it makes it hard for them to
understand your web pages, which means
they're not sure where to rank it for
and for what keywords. So, you want to
go to
ubersuggest.com, put in your URL, and go
to the site audit report in the lefthand
navigation. This report breaks down all
the technical errors that are off on
your website, and it not only shows you
what they are, but it prioritizes which
ones you need to fix first, second, and
third to rank higher. And it even shows
you how to fix each and every single
error. The third thing you need to focus
on is backlink. The more people linking
to you, the higher you're going to rank.
Links are like votes. So when you have
election like the presidential election,
in most cases, the candidate with the
most votes wins. And the reason I say
most cases, in different countries, the
rules are different. For example, in the
United States, they do it on a
state-by-state basis. So if you win in
one state, you get all the votes from
that state. And the more websites
linking to you are like votes. the more
relevant they are, the higher you're
going to rank. The higher quality they
are, the higher you're going to rank.
For example, if I told everyone to vote
for a specific candidate, it's not going
to do as well as, let's say, Bill
Clinton or George Bush or Barack Obama
saying that you should vote for someone.
Why? Because they're more wellknown in
politics than I am. But if I give
marketing advice, it carries more weight
than Bill Clinton or George Bush. Why?
Because I know more about marketing. So
links are very similar. If you're a
marketing business and you get other
links from other marketing and business
sites, that has more weight than, let's
say, getting a link from
joetheplumber.com. So, you want a lot of
links, but relevant links. And you want
to make sure that these links are seen.
So, when you get a link from a site like
CNN or New York Times or Fox News or
BBC, the sites get a lot of traffic and
there's a good chance that someone's
going to click on one of those links.
Now, the way you build backlinks is you
go to uberys.com, you go to the
backlinks report, and then you go to the
backlinks opportunity report. You put in
three competitors. This shows you all
the people linking to your competitors,
but not you. And it shows you the pages
they link to your competitor's sites. So
this way you can figure out what content
they're creating that's helping them
generate these links. Best of all, you
can produce better content than them.
And then hit up those same people
linking to your competitors and say,
"Hey, I noticed that you're linking to
A, B, and C competitor. My content
breaks down one, two, and three that
theirs doesn't. Check it out. If you
like it, feel free and link to it." See,
when someone links to not one, not two,
but three of your competitors, it means
they're competitor agnostic. They don't
care who they link to in the space. They
don't have any loyalty to one person.
So, if you hit those people up and you
have better content, why wouldn't they
want to showcase it to their visitors
versus something that's not as good? As
you do this more and more over time,
what you'll find is within 3 months,
you'll start getting better rankings on
Google. Within six to nine months,
you'll start climbing to the top for
longtail phrases that aren't as
competitive as terms like credit cards,
right? Which would take forever to rank
for. And all these visitors add up. And
now it gives you a monetization
opportunity. After ranking at the top of
search, you'll need this if you want
millions of consistent visitors to your
website. Look, we talked about how you
need content to get people to your
website. If you don't have content, it's
hard to rank. The key though with
content isn't just about writing quality
content. It's about filling in the gaps.
What are your competitors getting
traffic for that you're not getting
traffic for? This is called content
gaps. So, in Uber Suggest, you can
actually go to the competitor analysis
report. It'll show you how much search
traffic you get versus your competition.
The reason you do this after you build
links is when you're first starting off,
you're not really getting any traffic.
So, your competitors are ranking for
everything and you're not ranking for
anything. But as you're starting to get
rankings and traffic, what you want to
do is look for the gaps. And this report
shows you all the traffic that your
competition is getting for keywords that
you're not ranking for. You can even see
the pages that are ranking on your
competitor sites for these keywords.
These are the content gaps. You want to
create content related to these topics
because you haven't covered these topics
on your website yet. And by creating
content around them, it'll give you more
opportunities to generate more visitors.
And the more visitors you have, the more
revenue you can make. Again, when
creating content like this, make sure
your content's better than the
competitors. If it's not better, you're
not going to rank higher than them. And
of course, hit up all the people that
link to that article, cuz Uber says
shows you that. And reach out to those
sites and ask them to link to you. But
you can't stop here. If you want tons of
traffic to your website, you also need
to promote your content all across
social media to maximize your reach and
blow up your business. The strategy that
I love is when I create content, I love
reposting it on platforms like X,
LinkedIn, Facebook, and Instagram to
maximize my reach. These platforms have
billions of users. So, why wouldn't you
want to leverage them to get more
visitors to your website? Now, it's not
just about posting the content on these
platforms. It's about engaging and
building a community on these platforms
as well. Because the more you
participate, the easier it is for you to
build up a audience. And what I like
doing is I like first posting on X and
using it as a testing ground because
it's much easier than most platforms and
you can quickly see what's getting
engagement, what's not. Then take your
winners and then post it on all the
other platforms because X will give you
feedback on what's working and not. And
you can post three, four times on X
around the same piece of content to
quickly see what resonates with people
and then you have the copy to use on the
other social platforms. Now with
Facebook, LinkedIn and X, it's easier to
post the link. With Instagram, you can
actually post a story and tell people to
swipe up to go to your website. With Tik
Tok, you can drive people to your bio
links, right? And you can do the same
with Instagram and have people go to
your latest blog post cuz people are
clicking on these bio links across all
social platforms. But if you're not
doing this with your website, you're
leaving so much money on the table. What
I recommend doing is offering lead
magnets, which are PDFs, quizzes, and
action plans to capture emails and build
long-term engagement. If you just look
at neilpel.com and you look at our quiz,
anytime you move your mouse cursor to
the very end of the browser, it'll pop
up and you go through it, you'll see how
I offer an action plan and I collect an
email in exchange for that action plan.
And doing this is really easy with
Mailchimp or any other email tool out
there. These providers make it really
simple to collect emails and they even
offer you the design templates that you
can put on your website through plugins
that allow you to collect emails with a
click of a button because WordPress
integrates with all the major email
providers through a simple plug-in.
Look, email subscribers are more
valuable than social media followers.
And if you believe that you should focus
more on social media followers than
email subscribers, check out this chart.
It shows you the value of email
subscribers versus social media
followers. Sure, it's harder to get
email subscribers, but they're worth so
much more money. Why? Because when you
send them an email, there's a good
chance that they'll see it. When you
post content on social media, the
chances are majority of your followers
won't see your content. Finally, to
monetize your traffic to your website
and make your first million dollars, you
should do this. One of the easiest ways
that you can monetize your own website
is through affiliate marketing. There's
a lot of sites out there like Commission
Junction or ClickBank that'll show you
all the companies that have products in
your space and you can promote their
products and every time you generate a
sale, they'll pay you a commission. The
best part is is when you link to these
products within your blog articles,
you're generating revenue even when
you're sleeping because you're
constantly getting website traffic. But
you shouldn't stop there. You should
sell your own products directly or even
your own services because there's many
ways you can monetize and it doesn't
have to be limited to one. At
neilpel.com, we sell tools like Uberess
and Answer the Public. We also sell
consulting services for SMB businesses
through our NP Accelerate division. And
at NP Digital, we also help both
enterprise and SMB companies grow their
traffic. So, as you can see, we're
monetizing in many different ways. We
have tools, we have services, and we do
this in multiple countries and
languages. This all helps us make money
in many different ways. Because when
people are sleeping in the United
States, I'm making money in countries
like Japan and Singapore and India where
people are awake and can still buy our
services and our products. Make sure you
have different monetization models
focusing on different price points
because not everyone has a ton of money.
Some people can afford a Ferrari. Some
people can only afford a Toyota. There's
nothing wrong with either car. Just have
options for both. A Toyota may not be as
expensive, but you can sell it in
quantity. A Ferrari may be expensive,
but you can't sell it in quantity. It's
still worth having multiple options.
Here's the key. When you have traffic,
your goal should be to monetize 1% of
your traffic. If you can get a million
visitors or even a h 100,000 visitors
and you can monetize 1%, it'll add up
over time. Whether you're selling
something for $30 or $5,000, there's
many ways to make money, but you just
got to monetize your audience. And the
way to monetize is by having multiple
options for people. That's how you get
your conversion rates not to 1% but to
2% 3% so you can make even more money
and ideally come up with something
that's reoccurring so you can keep
cashing checks because you're
continually giving value to people each
and every single month. It's much easier
to make money from your existing
customers than it is to make money by
attracting new customers. And that is
exactly how I'd make a million dollars
in the next 12 months even if I was
starting from zero. Follow this road
map, test, iterate, and improve every
single day, and you'll be on track to
becoming a millionaire in no